Which eye do you see?
I was taken care of by another man
How dare you do it and dare not admit it?
Your parents helped you find your biological parents
Not poor with your former biological parents
Go with another man for money
My parents lost their project to leave home
What yaoyao
Is he your sister who was reported wrong?
No wonder it's a top gifter
It turned out that the family had no money
That can only sell the hue.
Did you hear this handsome guy?
You look so handsome.
Why would you want to be with a woman like that?
It's not good if you catch any dirty disease
Don't think I don't hit women
You can be so presumptuous
Fourth Young Master, these people don't smoke badly
This restaurant will never take orders after looking for a mouth
Yes
Good mouth
Manager, are you mistaken?
Obviously they hit people in the heart
Si Shao is the owner of our restaurant
Pardon me?
What are you all staring at?
Hurry up and take people down and entertain them well
Don't dirty Si Shao's eyes
You let me go
I am the young master of the Gao family
He is the daughter of the Bai family
Are you worth offending our two families for him?
Gao Family and Bai Family
Not worthy of 4 young people
What are you doing?
Let me go
Si Shao, sorry
It's our lax management.
Let's go home.
Don't let anyone in from now on
Yes
Come on.
Didn't the manager say that Mr. Si would come in here to take care of things?
Shut up!
The matter of the young master is also something we can ask about